you can touch me if you want I'm in
Malibu and I miss you
house me work wow you guys are really
moving around what is this it's ecstasy
stop it you're hurting get the [ __ ] out
of here right Poppins we don't really
get what's going on Chloe she's [ __ ]
you is it [ __ ] weird I've been having
this recurring nightmare
I'm buried alive suffocating die slowly
59 Ford Fairlane
same model the Manson Family News the
night they murdered those smells great
leather chrome perfect
okay I found these on one of my mother's
boxes I don't get it why don't we need
these there's security cameras
everywhere okay why do you think you're
here
you probably think we're friends right
I knew from the moment I saw you at the
beach so perfect
you